[docs] [expo-secure-store] Clarify SecureStore data persistence behavior in the document. (#40729)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v54.0.0/sdk/securestore.mdx

} from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> `expo-secure-store` provides a way to encrypt and securely store key-value pairs locally on the device. Each Expo project has a separate storage system and has no access to the storage of other Expo projects. This library requires a real device for testing since simulators do not require biometric authentication when retrieving secrets unlike real iOS devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`expo-secure-store` provides a way to encrypt and securely store key-value pairs locally on the device. Each Expo project has a separate storage system and has no access to the storage of other Expo projects.
```
I don't like this comment as it feels a bit out of place. I feel like we should include it as a note for the `requireAuthentication` prop.

## Configuration in app config

> You can configure `expo-secure-store` using its built-in [config plugin](/config-plugins/introduction/) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](/build/introduction) or `npx expo run:[android|ios]`). The plugin allows you to configure various properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect.

Reviewer: I don't understand why those changes were introduced. I think the previous version is clearer and is standard across our docs pages
```suggestion
You can configure `expo-secure-store` using its built-in [config plugin](/config-plugins/introduction/) if you use config plugins in your project ([Continuous Native Generation (CNG)](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/)). The plugin allows you to configure various properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect. If your app does **not** use CNG, then you'll need to manually configure the library.
```

Author: Ok

### iOS

> On iOS, values are stored using the [keychain services](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/keychain_services) as `kSecClassGenericPassword`. **Due to the underlying nature of iOS Keychain, data stored with `expo-secure-store` will persist across app uninstallations when the app is reinstalled with the same bundle ID.** This is an expected behavior of the iOS Keychain system, not a bug, and should be considered when designing your app's data handling. iOS has the additional option of being able to set the value's `kSecAttrAccessible` attribute, which controls when the value is available to be fetched.

Author: ok

## Data persistence

`expo-secure-store` is designed to provide a persistent data storage solution across app restarts and updates. However, it is important not to rely on it as a single source of truth for irreplaceable, critical data.

- **On Android:** Data saved using `expo-secure-store` **will not be preserved upon app uninstallation**.

> - **On iOS:** Data saved using `expo-secure-store` **will persist across app uninstallations** if the app is reinstalled with the same bundle ID. This is due to how the iOS Keychain manages stored credentials.  Keep in mind that this is not guaranteed and you should never rely on this implementation detail.

Author: Sure , Done
